(DOCSP-25492) Update Cloud Deployment Regions (#166)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/manage-apps/deploy/deployment-models-and-regions.txt

Global Deployment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> A globally deployed app is available in multiple regions across the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A globally deployed App is available in multiple regions across the
```

capitalize `App` throughout as well

world. Any global region can receive and process incoming requests for a
global app.

> All write operations to a linked data source are handled within a single

Reviewer: i think this line could be clarified. this is just for write operations for a linked **MongoDB** data source, i assume?

region that you specify when you create the app. You can choose any
global region to handle writes, but should generally choose the region
closest to your MongoDB cluster.

> Global apps are currently deployed to the following regions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global Apps are deployed to all of the following regions:
```

Reviewer: also, are global apps only a thing for AWS? if so probably worth calling out

Author: Added "_AWS_ regions"

- Ireland (IE) - ``aws-eu-west-1``
- Oregon (US-OR) - ``aws-us-west-2``
- Sydney (AU) - ``aws-ap-southeast-2``
- Virginia (US-VA) - ``aws-us-east-1``

.. note::
   
   Realm SDKs automatically execute application requests, such as
   reading user information or calling a function, in the global

>    deployment region that's closest to the user that issued the request.

Reviewer: i think this probably should be higher up in the text and not a note since it's important info. would make sense when explaining how global apps process requests. perhaps after

>  Any global region can receive and process incoming requests for a
global app.

Reviewer: also would be good to discuss how a global app routes requests from clients not using the Realm SDKs. 

for example
- how does a global app route data api or graphql requests?
- where are functions invoked by triggers executed?
- anything about rules or schema validation worth noting?
